README.rst, before:

==============
vcrpy-unittest
==============

|PyPI| |Build Status| |Coverage Report| |Python Versions| |Gitter|

This package provides ``VCRTestCase`` for simple integration between
`VCR.py`_ and Python's venerable unittest_.

Installation
------------

Install from PyPI_:

.. code:: sh

    pip install vcrpy-unittest

Usage
-----

Inherit from ``VCRTestCase`` for automatic recording and playback of HTTP
interactions.

.. code:: python

    from vcr_unittest import VCRTestCase
    import requests

    class MyTestCase(VCRTestCase):
       def test_something(self):
           response = requests.get('http://example.com')

Similar to how VCR.py returns the cassette from the context manager,
``VCRTestCase`` makes the cassette available as ``self.cassette``:

.. code:: python

    self.assertEqual(len(self.cassette), 1)
    self.assertEqual(self.cassette.requests[0].uri, 'http://example.com')

By default cassettes will be placed in the ``cassettes`` subdirectory next to the
test, named according to the test class and method. For example, the above test
would read from and write to ``cassettes/MyTestCase.test_something.yaml``

The configuration can be modified by overriding methods on your subclass:
``_get_vcr_kwargs``, ``_get_cassette_library_dir`` and ``_get_cassette_name``.
To modify the ``VCR`` object after instantiation, for example to add a matcher,
you can hook on ``_get_vcr``, for example:

.. code:: python

    class MyTestCase(VCRTestCase):
        def _get_vcr(self, **kwargs):
            myvcr = super(MyTestCase, self)._get_vcr(**kwargs)
            myvcr.register_matcher('mymatcher', mymatcher)
            myvcr.match_on = ['mymatcher']
            return myvcr

See
`the source
<https://github.com/agriffis/vcrpy-unittest/blob/master/vcr_unittest/testcase.py>`__
for the default implementations of these methods, and `VCR.py`_ for more
information.

VCRMixin
~~~~~~~~

In case inheriting from ``VCRTestCase`` is difficult because of an existing
class hierarchy containing tests in the base classes, inherit from ``VCRMixin``
instead.

.. code:: python

    from vcr_unittest import VCRMixin
    import requests
    import unittest

    class MyTestMixin(VCRMixin):
       def test_something(self):
           response = requests.get(self.url)

    class MyTestCase(MyTestMixin, unittest.TestCase):
        url = 'http://example.com'

License
-------

This library uses the MIT license, which is the same as VCR.py. See `LICENSE.txt
<https://github.com/agriffis/vcrpy-unittest/blob/master/LICENSE.txt>`__ for more
details.

Acknowledgements
----------------

Thanks to `@kevin1024`_ for `VCR.py`_, and to `@IvanMalison`_ for his
constructive critique on this package. Also thanks to `@nedbat`_ for his `post
regarding unittest and context managers
<http://nedbatchelder.com/blog/201508/using_context_managers_in_test_setup.html>`__,
and to `@davepeck`_ for `httreplay <https://github.com/davepeck/httreplay>`__
which served me well for so long.

.. _PyPI: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/vcrpy-unittest
.. _VCR.py: https://github.com/kevin1024/vcrpy
.. _unittest: https://docs.python.org/2/library/unittest.html

.. _@kevin1024: https://github.com/kevin1024
.. _@IvanMalison: https://github.com/IvanMalison
.. _@nedbat: https://github.com/nedbat
.. _@davepeck: https://github.com/davepeck

.. |Build Status| image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/agriffis/vcrpy-unittest/master.svg?style=plastic
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/agriffis/vcrpy-unittest?branch=master

.. |Coverage Report| image:: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/agriffis/vcrpy-unittest/master.svg?style=plastic
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/agriffis/vcrpy-unittest/branch/master

.. |PyPI| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/vcrpy-unittest.svg?style=plastic
   :target: PyPI_

.. |Python Versions| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/vcrpy-unittest.svg?style=plastic
   :target: PyPI_

.. |Gitter| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/gitter-join%20chat%20%E2%86%92-green.svg?style=plastic
   :target: https://gitter.im/kevin1024/vcrpy

Commit message:

Add reminder information to call super().setUp()
Otherwise the cassettes don't get produced for no apparent reason

README.rst, after:

==============
vcrpy-unittest
==============

|PyPI| |Build Status| |Coverage Report| |Python Versions| |Gitter|

This package provides ``VCRTestCase`` for simple integration between
`VCR.py`_ and Python's venerable unittest_.

Installation
------------

Install from PyPI_:

.. code:: sh

    pip install vcrpy-unittest

Usage
-----

Inherit from ``VCRTestCase`` for automatic recording and playback of HTTP
interactions.

.. code:: python

    from vcr_unittest import VCRTestCase
    import requests

    class MyTestCase(VCRTestCase):
       def test_something(self):
           response = requests.get('http://example.com')

Similar to how VCR.py returns the cassette from the context manager,
``VCRTestCase`` makes the cassette available as ``self.cassette``:

.. code:: python

    self.assertEqual(len(self.cassette), 1)
    self.assertEqual(self.cassette.requests[0].uri, 'http://example.com')

By default cassettes will be placed in the ``cassettes`` subdirectory next to the
test, named according to the test class and method. For example, the above test
would read from and write to ``cassettes/MyTestCase.test_something.yaml``

The configuration can be modified by overriding methods on your subclass:
``_get_vcr_kwargs``, ``_get_cassette_library_dir`` and ``_get_cassette_name``.
To modify the ``VCR`` object after instantiation, for example to add a matcher,
you can hook on ``_get_vcr``, for example:

.. code:: python

    class MyTestCase(VCRTestCase):
        def _get_vcr(self, **kwargs):
            myvcr = super(MyTestCase, self)._get_vcr(**kwargs)
            myvcr.register_matcher('mymatcher', mymatcher)
            myvcr.match_on = ['mymatcher']
            return myvcr

See
`the source
<https://github.com/agriffis/vcrpy-unittest/blob/master/vcr_unittest/testcase.py>`__
for the default implementations of these methods, and `VCR.py`_ for more
information.

If you implement a ``setUp`` method on your test class then make sure to call the parent version ``super().setUp()`` in your own in order to continue getting the cassettes produced.

VCRMixin
~~~~~~~~

In case inheriting from ``VCRTestCase`` is difficult because of an existing
class hierarchy containing tests in the base classes, inherit from ``VCRMixin``
instead.

.. code:: python

    from vcr_unittest import VCRMixin
    import requests
    import unittest

    class MyTestMixin(VCRMixin):
       def test_something(self):
           response = requests.get(self.url)

    class MyTestCase(MyTestMixin, unittest.TestCase):
        url = 'http://example.com'

License
-------

This library uses the MIT license, which is the same as VCR.py. See `LICENSE.txt
<https://github.com/agriffis/vcrpy-unittest/blob/master/LICENSE.txt>`__ for more
details.

Acknowledgements
----------------

Thanks to `@kevin1024`_ for `VCR.py`_, and to `@IvanMalison`_ for his
constructive critique on this package. Also thanks to `@nedbat`_ for his `post
regarding unittest and context managers
<http://nedbatchelder.com/blog/201508/using_context_managers_in_test_setup.html>`__,
and to `@davepeck`_ for `httreplay <https://github.com/davepeck/httreplay>`__
which served me well for so long.

.. _PyPI: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/vcrpy-unittest
.. _VCR.py: https://github.com/kevin1024/vcrpy
.. _unittest: https://docs.python.org/2/library/unittest.html

.. _@kevin1024: https://github.com/kevin1024
.. _@IvanMalison: https://github.com/IvanMalison
.. _@nedbat: https://github.com/nedbat
.. _@davepeck: https://github.com/davepeck

.. |Build Status| image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/agriffis/vcrpy-unittest/master.svg?style=plastic
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/agriffis/vcrpy-unittest?branch=master

.. |Coverage Report| image:: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/agriffis/vcrpy-unittest/master.svg?style=plastic
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/agriffis/vcrpy-unittest/branch/master

.. |PyPI| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/vcrpy-unittest.svg?style=plastic
   :target: PyPI_

.. |Python Versions| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/vcrpy-unittest.svg?style=plastic
   :target: PyPI_

.. |Gitter| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/gitter-join%20chat%20%E2%86%92-green.svg?style=plastic
   :target: https://gitter.im/kevin1024/vcrpy
